How this is not the ACA or the AHA

The current ACA and the proposed AHA do little or nothing to restrict the rising costs of healthcare. The decade-long experiment relying on Insurance companies to exert pressure onhealthcare service providers, medical equipment and drugs is a failure because they don't address the fundamental imbalance of supply and demand. 

In a grossly unregulated and imbalanced marketplace such as healthcare, providers can ask for any price and customers will demand that Insurance pay for those services. In many ways, this is similar to the "inelastic market" taught in 1970's business schools, that because consumer demand for gasoline was "infinite," no amount of oil production could satisfy the demand and therefor was an explanation for the sky-rocketing prices and long gas lines at the pump. Of course, 50 years later today we know that the inelastic oil market at that time is a myth and a revolution in oil production extracting inexpensively from shale has completely reset supply vs demand.

This proposal is based on the concept that today's healthcare marketplace is similar to the gasoline prices of the 1970's and requires a similar solution.

This proposal seeks to address the fundamental imbalance between supply and demand for only the most basic services. 

In this way, it not only addresses directly the most fundamental problem of providing healthcare at reasonable costs, it also does not conflict with any current political philosophies or positions. Democrats will likely be happy that costs will be low enough to be affordable by even the most poor and accessibility would be far greater than even the current ACA. Republicans will likely be happy that the proposal is based on public-private partnerships, long term costs are controlled and short term costs are relatively low. The Insurance Industry should be happy that their role to parse out healthcare at rising costs to customers who demand affordability is no more. Government involvement is limited to setting rules for participation, implementing limited tort reform, and being the sole owner and provider for raw healthcare data.

At the least, this proposal can be a significant solution to situations where accessibility is woefully inadequate, such as the highly publicized VA wait lines and rural communities.

The objective is to provide services low enough that no insurance is an option and can be accessed by anyone with a telephone with a data plan or the Internet.