PHI database

Background Architecture
While the Participants shall create their own Frontend and Middlware which in general comprises the Human (User) Interface and data analysis, the Government's PHI database shall be the sole provider of the actual data.

PHI Database Requirements
Data shall be encrypted both at rest and in transit, using the best currently recommended algorithm
Shall not be restricted in size
Shall not be restricted in both horizontal and vertical scalability
The Data shall not be publicly available, 
Data Protection practices shall be publicly published and constantly reviewable.
Database access by Participants shall be only through a specified Application Programming Interface(API)
Data requested for Participant Use shall be tightly restricted, eg only a specified User per transaction, least amount of Data required for the transaction, eg "dumps" not permitted.
Database Owner may contract database management and maintenance, but may not convey ownership rights to data in any way.
PHI data shall be stored in 3 separate databases that only when combined can be utilized... The data in anonymized form, mapped Identifications and data specific to how a Participant has utilized the data.
A policy should be developed to make anonymized data available for Research and Development as widely as possible.




Participant's Frontend and Middleware requirements
Participant must comply with always current HIPAA recommendations and provide proof of compliance as necessary.
Participant may be subject to State's regulations.
Participant must comply with Marketplace Owner requirements

Data shall not be exposed to unnecessary applications and computing processes.

Data obtained from the PHI Database can reside only in memory, and may not be copied to local storage. Should it be necessary, the data must be retrieved for each use.
Participant should strive to retrieve only what data is necessary to accomplish a particular task, limited by the data related to that User.
At this time, it's not known for what purpose a Participant should need to store data locally, and whether the risk associated with doing so can be justified... As a basic principle sll data without exception should be stored in the PHI database.

Penalty for non-compliance shall be immediate suspension from the Marketplace although subject to appeal, and depending on the violation may exceed Marketplace rules, including regular civil and criminal penalties.

Data generated by the Participant in the course of providing Services, shall be submitted in real time, unaltered to the PHI database. 

Participants shall be solely responsible for the creation, management and management of their solution, and can be solely liable for penalties beyond what is described to be a Participant in the Marketplace.



